Accept it.
You don't rest for years
One person works three jobs
overwork becomes disease
It's karoshi.
No, I haven't married a wife yet
I haven't bought a house yet
I studied hard for more than ten years
I graduated from college with a salary of only four or five thousand
My father I am not reconciled
I work hard
To make money
I am willing to suffer any hardship
But what did he get in exchange?
Zhang Shi, don't be too sad
Death may also be a relief for you
No, I don't.
There are so many beautiful things in this world
I didn't enjoy it.
Did I come into this world?
Just for atonement?
I don't accept it.
Those rich second generation
Do nothing every day
Who drives the villa in a luxury car and gives beautiful women groups
Those of us who were not born
Then you want to be like me
Why why
I don't agree I don't agree
Bring the red order, Chaoyue is like a lonely soul
Hey, you're free.
Don't be nostalgic for resentment Wang Sheng anymore